hello what are you talking about the
what special thing oh I know your
parents are yelling at me because I'm
going to CBS for them because it's
usually what I do when I come and visit
here I do errands for them and then I
also do work I usually just do my work
for fullscreen from here um yeah that's
what I do here please visit them urns to
work and yeah right now I'm waiting for
Sharon because we are about to go go to
CVS for them and then we're gonna go
shopping a little bit because I want to
get new boots because my other boots
have broken on the inside because
usually what I do I wait til something
is completely destroyed before I buy
something new and there's Billy Billy
Billy don't rub your butt on the floor
Billy don't do that come here don't do
that don't do that either
say hi to everyone say hi why he's gonna
walk uh well he seemed like he was gonna
walk here maybe not though talking about
my brother he usually walks Billy um I I
guess I could to you I just want to pick
up dog poop Billy stop it so I do the
other errands I go to CVS and I do other
things and Kevin does dog walking is
pretty much his only errand so it's okay
um yeah so if you you might notice that
the video is looking a little nicer day
I'm not looking great if I just woke up
from a nap
I don't know being here makes me really
sleepy so I took a shower and then I was
gonna go to CVS and I fell asleep for
two hours so yeah so didn't really fix
myself up right but um so I wasn't yeah
the video looks nicer though because I'm
using my real Canon camera instead of
using my iPhone and that's not going to
be doing from now on on Monday I'm gonna
put up the photo shoot video onto this
channel and then after that I'm gonna
have daily vlogs that are like real
daily vlogs edited together and I'm
gonna be using this camera so it can be
like a really daily vlog instead of just
the one takes from the iPhone but it's
not
be crazy long sucking Billy 20 miles
wrong probably just gonna be like you're
like three different clips from the day
I'm just seeing a little more of what
the day is like instead of just one clip
and yeah so we're gonna go now there
shutter and sharing ready sheron's
really excited going um yeah so weird
Billy go I wanted to show more ability
well whatever
so let me know what you think Billy is
what you think Billy's a mix of cuz
Billy is a mixed dog tell me what you
think she's a mix of but you can't guess
but try and then I'll let you know if
you're right or not I'll let you know
tomorrow if you're right or not and yeah
there's Billy really let's take a look
at you cuz they're gonna guess what you
are they're gonna get what you are
Oh Kevin has to take you for a walk
doesn't you yeah hi Billy
bye